howdy there internet people it's Bo
again so today we're gonna talk about
the positive aspects of virtue signal
virtue signaling is a real thing
signaling is a huge part of our
communication as humans signaling a
virtue is done all the time I think the
most memorable I'm ready for the ice
bucket challenge
and the criticism of this was that it
was empty it was Hollow you weren't
really doing anything for the cause you
were just you know showing that you
supported something that was universally
good and it's spread like wildfire
despite that criticism now the question
is even with those criticisms was it
ineffective no it was extremely
effective that campaign raised more than
a hundred million dollars so say what
you want about virtue signaling it works
so we need more virtue signaling a lot
of it this is gonna be one of the few
videos in which I put out a call to
action and the criticisms of being
compassionate made me realize why a lot
of the campaigns in support of asylum
seekers are failing they are not
generating the traction they should it's
because of how they're framed not what
they're saying that criticism of that
it's something that's universally good
everybody knows that it's good that's
not how they're being framed these
campaigns are being framed in opposition
to Trump now anybody who knows me knows
that I don't necessarily think
opposition to Trump is a bad thing
however it's not going to produce the
best results and right now I'm far more
concerned about stopping kids that are
being abused in detention facilities and
stopping people from drowning that's
that's my goal
I am more
more concerned about that at the moment
because the two-party system has done
what it has in this country it has
become more important to signal your
loyalty to the party than it is to
signal loyalty to your principals so
what you have is you have people in the
Republican Party that know this is wrong
being able to discount the fact that
it's wrong simply because they're
following Trump that outweighs it so we
just remove him from the equation we
need several campaigns and I've put out
the call to people that are more
creative than I am and it can be more
widely received than I am to help
develop some I would like to hear your
suggestions but we need several
campaigns designed to remind people of
what America's virtues are supposed to
be what we were promised they were I
find it hard to believe that half the
population has decided that it's okay to
to sexually assault kids I find it hard
to believe that half the population has
decided that it's it's okay and that
it's a virtue to allow children to be
housed the way they were the way they
probably still are I never thought we
would reach the point where saying kids
shouldn't be abused is a virtue that
seems like it should be the default I
believe that for most people it is I
believe despite all evidence to the
contrary lately I believe that the
average American does not actually want
kids to be sexually assaulted they don't
want kids to be covered in their own
bodily fluids and kept in a cage
they're only able to justify it because
of a loyalty to Trump
it's the only way they're able to do it
so we remove him from that equation we
need campaigns that focus on the
morality of what's actually happening
not the political arguments not not the
political talking points just about the
fact that people in the paid employee of
the US government are sexually
assaulting kids we're funding it we're
funding rape rooms I want to hear your
suggestions on campaigns with this with
this goal in mind we need to show
America what a virtue is anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good night